Games
!new_paragraph
!title Multiplayer games
A multiplayer game is a game of several players who may be independent opponents
or teams. Games with many independent players are difficult to analyze formally
using game theory as the players may form and switch coalitions. The term "game"
in this context may mean either a true game played for entertainment, or a
competitive activity describable in principle by mathematical game theory.
!image WOW.jpg 50%

!new_paragraph
!title Single-player games
Most games require multiple players. However, single-player games are unique
in respect to the type of challenges a player faces. Unlike a game with multiple
players competing with or against each other to reach the game's goal, a one-player
game is a battle solely against an element of the environment (an artificial opponent),
against one's own skills, against time, or against chance. Playing with a yo-yo or
playing tennis against a wall is not generally recognized as playing a game due to
the lack of any formidable opposition. Many games described as "single-player" may
be termed actually puzzles or recreations.

!new_paragraph
!title Game theory
John Nash proved that games with several players have a stable solution provided
that coalitions between players are disallowed. Nash won the Nobel prize for
economics for this important result which extended von Neumann's theory of zero-sum
games. Nash's stable solution is known as the Nash equilibrium.
If cooperation between players is allowed, then the game becomes more complex;
many concepts have been developed to analyze such games. While these have had
some partial success in the fields of economics, politics and conflict, no good
general theory has yet been developed.
In quantum game theory, it has been found that the introduction of quantum
information into multiplayer games allows a new type of equilibrium strategy
not found in traditional games. The entanglement of players's choices can have
the effect of a contract by preventing players from profiting from what is known
as betrayal.